Added files from rust-template (#189)
NethermindEth/latticefold: SECURITY.md

## Security

If you believe you have found a security vulnerability in any Nethermind-owned repository that meets [CVE's definition of a security vulnerability](https://www.cve.org/ResourcesSupport/Glossary?activeTerm=glossaryVulnerability), please report it to us as described below.
We ask you to please not publicly disclose any details of the vulnerability until we have had an opportunity to investigate and address it.

## Reporting Security Issues

**Please do not report security vulnerabilities through public GitHub issues.**

> Instead, please use GitHub's [report vulnerability](https://github.com/NethermindEth/frida-hotstuff/security/advisories/new) tool to create a draft advisory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, please use GitHub's [report vulnerability](https://github.com/NethermindEth/latticefold/security/advisories/new) tool to create a draft advisory.
```
